README.md, before:

# RevMixer by Team RevMixer
RevMixer provides a platform for musicians to create, upload, and share music with the public. A common issue with modern streaming platforms is that they allow for music distribution, but are not at all involved in the creation aspect of the music. RevMixer aims to remedy this problem by allowing artists to quickly design, record, and publish their songs, all on one platform.

# Contributors
- Weston Davidson
    - Team Lead
- Jacob Gaughan
    - Front-End 
- Kevin Murphy
    - Front-End
- David Spence
    - Front-End
- Juaquin Bolivar
    - Front-End

# Technologies
* Angular
* Tone.JS API
* GCP - APIs and Services
* Azure Blob Storage
* Bootstrap JS
* CSS

# Project Links

- [SonarCloud](https://sonarcloud.io/dashboard?id=210215-USF-NET_Sequencer-By-TeamTemp)

- [Web Application](https://revmixer.azurewebsites.net/)

- [Proposal](https://github.com/210215-USF-NET/Sequencer-By-TeamTemp/blob/main/project_proposal.md)

- [Presentation](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1b7K_x92kA8Oxm5kve1Mz59IqpFVJnVbjrCYZ1MB8w8M/edit?ts=60662c15#slide=id.p)

# Requirements
- [X] At least 6 tables
- [X] DB that is not SQL Server
- [X] Pipeline should be set up
- [X] Angular Frontend
- [X] ASP.NET REST API Backend
- [X] 50% code coverage in sonar cloud API
- [X] Deployed to an app service(frontend and backend)
- [X] One repo for each project
- [X] Authorization should be set up using IDaaS of choosing
- [X] ProjectName-By-TeamName (add project name in readme)
- [x] Create a project proposal
- [X] 3rd Party API
- [X] Logging, testing, ect
- [X] Implmented SCRUM, have a project board (trello)

# ERD
![ER Diagram](ER.jpg)

Commit message:

updated readme with requirements and setup

README.md, after:

# RevMixer by Team RevMixer
RevMixer provides a platform for musicians to create, upload, and share music with the public. A common issue with modern streaming platforms is that they allow for music distribution, but are not at all involved in the creation aspect of the music. RevMixer aims to remedy this problem by allowing artists to quickly design, record, and publish their songs, all on one platform.

# Contributors
- Weston Davidson
    - Team Lead
- Jacob Gaughan
    - Front-End 
- Kevin Murphy
    - Front-End
- David Spence
    - Front-End
- Juaquin Bolivar
    - Front-End

# Technologies
* Angular
* Tone.JS API
* GCP - APIs and Services
* Azure Blob Storage
* Bootstrap JS
* CSS

# Requirements
- [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en/)
- [Git CLI](https://git-scm.com/)
- [Angular CLI](https://angular.io/)

# Setup
1. Run the command `git clone https://github.com/210215-USF-RevMixer/RevMixer-Frontend.git` in your desired directory to clone the necessary files to your system.
1. Once the files have been cloned, run `npm install` to install required dependencies
1. Run `ng serve -o` to build the program, and open in your default web browser
1. If the application does not open in a web browser on it's own, please navigate to the specified localhost port provided in your console window.
